"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life." - Germany Kent
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"Monday is for people with a mission." - Cristina Imre
"Action is the foundational key to all success." - Pablo Picasso
"Opportunities don’t happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." - Nelson Mandela
"If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Every day may not be good... but there’s something good in every day." - Alice Morse Earle
"Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of love." - Mother Teresa
"Happiness is not by chance, but by choice." - Jim Rohn
"A Monday well spent brings a week of content." - Proverb
"Find out where joy resides and give it a voice far beyond singing. For to miss the joy is to miss all." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Happiness depends upon ourselves." - Aristotle
"Joy is the simplest form of gratitude." - Karl Barth
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears." - John Lennon
"Light tomorrow with today." - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"It’s a good day to have a good day." - Unknown
"Be the reason someone smiles today." - Roy T. Bennett
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"You’re off to great places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way!" - Dr. Seuss
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." - Oprah Winfrey
"Positivity always wins…always." - Gary Vaynerchuk
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive." - Matt Cameron
"Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier." - Colin Powell
"Be so happy that, when others look at you, they become happy too." - Harbhajan Singh Yogi
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
"This is a wonderful day. I’ve never seen this one before." - Maya Angelou
"Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most." - Buddha
"Each morning we are born again. It is what we do today that matters most." - Unknown
"Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it." - Richard Whately
"The morning was full of sunlight and hope." - Kate Chopin
"An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day." - Henry David Thoreau